Case 1:
A researcher wants to conduct a Survey in colleges on Use of ICT in higher education from Mumbai, Thane and Navi Mumbai. The survey focuses on access to and use of ICT in teaching and learning, as well as on attitudes towards the use of ICT in teaching and learning.

Design questionnaire addressed to teachers seeks information about the target class, his experience using ICT for teaching, access to ICT infrastructure, support available, ICT based activities and material used, obstacles to the use of ICT in teaching, learning activities with the target class, your skills and attitudes to ICT, and some personal background information.

Arrange question in following groups:

1. Information about the target class you teach

2. Experience with ICT for teaching

3. ICT access for teaching

4. Support to teachers for ICT use

5. ICT based activities and material used for teaching

6. Obstacles to using ICT in teaching and learning

7. Learning activities with the target class

8. Teacher skills

9. Teacher opinions and attitudes

10. Personal background information

 

Case 2:
A research agency wants to study the perception about App based taxi service in Mumbai, Thane and Navi Mumbai. The survey focuses on customers attitude towards app base taxi service as well as on attitudes towards regular taxi cab.

Design questionnaire seeks information about the target taxi service, his experience using taxi services, access, support available, obstacles and some personal background information, with the following objectives:

1. To find out the customer satisfaction towards the App based-taxi services.

2. To find the level of convenience and comfort with App based -taxi services.

To know their opinion about the tariff system and promptness of service.



1. To ascertain the customer view towards the driver behaviour and courtesy.

2. To provide inputs to enhance the services to delight the customers.

3. To examine relationship between service quality factors and taxi passenger satisfaction.

4. To suggest better regulations for transportation authorities regarding customer protection and effective monitoring of taxi services.

Case 3:
A popular electronic store want to conduct a survey to develop awareness of branded laptop baseline estimates and determine popularity of different company’s laptop. It suggests steps to be initiated or strengthened in the field of demand in a region. The key indicators are among the general population, demand branded laptop and the problem users.

The objectives of this particular study are:-

1. To know the preferences of different types of branded laptops by students and professionals.

2. To study which factor influence for choosing different types of branded laptops.

3. To know about the level of satisfaction towards different types of branded laptops.

4. To identify the perception of consumers towards the laptop positioning strategy.

5. To know the consumer preference towards laptop in the present era.

 

Use the collected data for analysis.
